Modify Readme and add apps (#7)
arribada/smart-camera: README.md

![Workflow](img/workflow.png)

Introduction
============

> Aribbada Smart Camera - is a project which aims to perform with the help of artificial intelligence the detection (during the day and at night) and alerting people when a wild animal appears in the area of interest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project aims to reduce Human-wildlife conflict with the help of video surveillance and artificial intelligence.
The idea is to use a camera for 24h video surveillance and machine learning to detect and alert for animals that pose a threat livelihood or safety of the people in the area.

```
